The Puppet 2 MCP server is great for
automating anything in the browser. So
to set it up, open up Warps command
pallet, type in MCP, and open up the MCP
panel. Click add and paste in the JSON
config for Puppeteer. Hit save, and
you'll see endpoints like Puppeteer
navigate, fill, screenshot, and
evaluate. For this demo, I'm also going
to be showing off Warp's voice input
feature. So I can hit the mic icon and
speak my prompt. Can you go to Amazon,
search for white t-shirt woman, scrape
the results, so the titles, the prices,
and the links, and then open each
product link, and summarize the product
reviews, and then I want you to give me
a recommendation for which shirt to buy
based on the combination of the pricing
and the review quality. Warp is going to
transcribe what I just said using
Whisper. Once I run my prompt, Puppeteer
takes over. So, it's going to navigate
to Amazon. It's going to find and fill
the search bar, capture product data
using screenshots and JavaScript
selectors. And then it's going to click
into each product and scrape review
content. You'll see I have Amazon and
Warp open side by side here. I'm not
touching anything. So, Puppeteer is
doing this entire workflow autonomously.
And at the end, it's going to give me a
ranked list of white shirts and
recommends me the cozy t-shirt, which is
eight bucks, 4.5 stars, and seems to
have good fit and soft fabric from
customer reviews. So, the Puppeteer MCP
is perfect for any kind of product
research, competitive analysis, or
repetitive web scraping that you don't
want to do manually.